ServiceNow 911 Admin------------
    UI Builder-------
 1. What is UI Builder?
   UI Builder is a web user interface builder to build pages for workspaces and portals.
  *Key Features---
     i. Create or customize pages for workspace and portal experiences.(workspace is one kind of experience where users of specific role do their work effecient manner)
     ii. Create variants of pages to target experiences for different audiences. For example, you can create a home page for agents, and a variant for managers at the same URL.(variants means the interface the user going to see on the page)
     iii. UI Builder is library of components to build your pages.
     iv. Bind data to your components using data resources to dynamically expose your data from tables, records or other elements on your page.
     v. CSS to change the visual style of a component in your workspace or portal experience.
     vi. Go to Now Experience--->UI Builder. On UI Builder you can create new experience. 
     vii. To create new experience you require name, URL path,Role(if you not specify any role then the experience will be visible for all the roles , same for page and variants), App Shell UI (that is one kind category that is the wrapper of your contents, which is similar to the functionality of your home page like show things like logo of your company, user preference and the search icon. Every app shell have diferrent functionality, like Workspace app shell looks like workspace interface, it provides UI which is require to work on workspace, it's provide pre-built interface on which will you can modify easily. different app shell UI are --- Breadcrumb app shell, header app shell, portal app shell, workspace app shell, UXR base experience shell), Landing path(when people try to reach out to your experience then they will first come to this page)
     viii. In an experience you can make pages and variants. Their can be many pages in one experience and there can be many variants in one page. ''A page is content that lives at a specific URL. When a user opens the URL, they will see a different variants of this page based on the audience, conditions and order that you set''.
     ix. To create a page you need to set Name, URL path(it will be auto generated base on your name), Review URL parameters for your page--- two kind of parameters are there,a.Required parameters, b.Optional parameters, click on '+Add' if you want to add some parameters on URL. like {table},{sysId}, you have to write your parameter in alpha-numeric camel case. After that it will ask to give name of your variant, the first variant will be created along with the page in Global. Then you can add audiences, audiences are one kind of group to whom you want to show your pages or variants, search 'audience' in application navigator, create one audience group with some specific roles, then add them to the variant. After that you can specify some conditions like table=incident^sysid!=-1 it means you want to show only which incident records which sysid is not -1 on the variant page, conditions make with parameters you provided. To make the URL ready to use add the values to parameters, like table--incident, sysid--some sysid from the record of incident table. go to settings option, on the landing path option select the first page of your experience that will be home page.
     x. Open the variant on the editor of UI Builder, then you can add differnt columns, components on the body of the variant,you can add different layouts and components on the columns. to dynamically add the values of the parameters of the page use data binding option instead of static on the table, sysid's text-box, write '@context.props.table', '@context.props.sysid'(add all the required data like this). You can open the variant clicking on preview option, or you can click on open URL.
     xi.The page will be going to show only those role based users whom you mentioned on the audience like if you made audience only for ITIL users then you only can see modified variant if you impersonate to only ITIL specified users who have only ITIL role, even admin can't able to access that variant.
     xii. On the variant, you can configure, add style, add events on the different components you made on body part. event is any kind of action which is done by user on any perticular form or table. different event is matched with different event handler, like after clicking data visualization the filtered records displayed. here clicking data visualization is called event and displaying filtered records is event handler.
    a. 1st example,---- how you can If you can redirect to any page after clicking any specific link.--
           click the body component where you will add the link, click event at right panel, click 'add event mapping', click 'view all clicked' option, click the event handler -'link to destination', at bottom click -'select destination', click -'external URL' , paste the URL you want to where you want to be redirected, click ok, click add, click save. so after clicking 'view all' you will redirected to the pasted URL.
    b. 2nd Example,---- how to make the record interactive which is shown in the body component, suppose you add the active tasks of incident table on body component and you want that after clicking on the records number it will be redirected to the incident form. so for that----
    you have to click on events, click 'add event mapping', click 'reference link clicked', click 'link to destination', then click 'select destination', then click'pages', then click 'agent incident form', then fill the reference parameters that you added before creating the variant, for example, table and sysid, to fetch the reference value of the table and sysid, you have to click data binding option fill the table and sysid by writing '@payload.table' and '@payload.sysid'(you might have something else acc to your requirements), payload method helps to get the information about the perticular cell that you define and bind them to the variant.    
    ***  use @context--- when you have to pass the page parameters dynamically, @payload--- to use referenced values of a record.
   c. 3rd example---- you can add ''data visualization'' as body component, to showcase reports,choose 'data source type',then add 'data source'(like add filter condition), then add some styles like add width, add some metric like count.
       xiii. What is Data sources?--Data recources in UI Builder is used to supply data to all the components of the same page's variants instead of applying the data one by one. Click the small database icon left side corner of the interface, add as many data resources you want, you can create data sources by select any application scope, type of data resource,when to evaluate,table,specific conditions, select  any specific fields that you require. Then you can use that data resource to all the variants of the same page. to access the data resource on any config write @data.data-resource-name.results.index-of-the-array-in-the-JSON-format.key-field-you-want-to-access.value(the JSON format will be created after made the data resource, you can check that on data resource option).
       xiv. what is Client state? --- Client state parameters are used to create dynamic variable that can be used through out the page. these variables values can be change based on some events, conditions. you can find this client state beside of the data resource, just you have to add name of the variable, type of the variable,initial value of that variable and it will generate the JSON format of that. you can access the client state using '@state.name-of-the-variable'. you can change the value of the variable by using some event ,like --
   exampe --1 -- suppose you want that after clicking view all , the header value will be updated, ---- for that click on body component of where you want to see view all, add event mapping of 'view all clicked', add event handler 'update client state parameter', choose 'client state parameter name',    